OBJECTNAME
Communications Console
END

LOOTABLE
false
END

NAMES
console
communications console
comms console
comm console
communications computer
comms computer
comm computer
computer
END

LOOK_AT
The wide flat communications console miraculously survived the explosion
that tore apart the room. A layer of fine powdered metal covers its surface.
You brush away the dust, and small, glittering clouds float away in the
vacuum. The main screen shows a flashing green command prompt.
END

USE
You slowly enter several commands, your fingers clumsy in the confines of the
space suit. You see that the last incoming transmission was from a poorly
mapped sector just outside the Edgeworth-Kuiper belt. Though the log says the
message was received and archived, you don't remember decrypting it.
Curious, but oddly apprehensive, you enter the short command
to open the message...

Suddenly, a cannonade of strange symbols blast across the screen. 
Each repeated pattern fills your body with gut-wrenching boom. An involuntary,
ragged gasp rips from your throat as a stampede of black chaos hacks your 
mind apart. You squeeze your eyes shut and scream through your clenched teeth
as you desperately resist pulling off the helmet of your space suit. 
The booms intensify to blinding white shrieks. As your vision bleeds from
black to red to white, a small something behind the console cracks. The screen
shuts off with a muted zip.

The cacophony abruptly dims violent echoes as you gasp for breath. 
Your skin is cold and clammy, your limbs shake with exhaustion, tears and 
mucus stream from your eyes and nose. You sob as you clutch your chest, 
attempting to gather yourself. After several minutes, your breathing slows as 
you cry softly. You sniff, catching yourself as you try to wipe your face with
the back of your hand. You tentatively probe your mind to try to make sense of
the message, but you quickly release your focus with the feeling of jerking
your hand away from an angry dog. 

You're left with nothing but an impression of a distant, indomitable will. 
From low in your chest, you feel a simmering undercurrent of rage.

The console appears to be broken.
END

USE***ACTIVATED
The console is broken. There's nothing more you can do with it.
END